hey everybody we just got back from our
first big kind of the season we went
back to some old familiar grounds that's
never left us never left to sing and dry
before always been good but went out
there John was on the camera today bill
dog hog himself that that he got last
year that particular stand the deal was
when we left the shop this morning that
I was just going to film Brent's going
to be the shooter today and I I get the
bad rap that's where the dog hug come
from because I shoot everybody's coyote
so anyway brent is going to be your
shooter today let's take a look and see
what happens next believe me I was
feeling the pressure as we walked in so
with all that being said yeah then take
it and turn out as planned take it from
here coyote yep alright let's go take a
look
brand I decided it was time to give up
on this stand we gave it 20 minutes
normally that's as long as I'll give one
we've SAT there and talked for a little
bit longer and for some reason I decided
to give one more series of a pup
distress call and Brent gets turned
around here sets up and just happened to
see this coyote coming in off to our
right down in the cornfields it brent's
the one that name of the dog hope so
after seeing this you'll understand why
I'm the one that always shoots
yep
every song
I used to have a lot more patients
but I've been with no boy several times
I didn't carry a gun that was at this
spot I told you I was gonna feel
pressure today you know maybe the film
is cold and it won't get it on film yeah
that's so but being it's been a hundred
I don't think that's gonna be the case i
will just think about we got that out of
the way yeah lived up to expectations i
thought i'd rather miss it how did yard
is 50 yards that course she was head off
he wasn't looking broadside try to hit
him yeah sure no doubt about it well
I'm pretty sure I blew it for here today
I'm i have to go review the tape I think
there might have been a hit place to go
with you but I'm taking do I want to be
showing up twice on camera missing the
confidence level is down especially you
know going over take your time dog hogs
on the camera no big hurry wait usually
I'm good weight and all sudden I heard
the trigger go off yes it was my oh
you